Something big is happening across the nation.
A spirit of change.
Snick!
Changing the way people gather.
Changing the way people think.
Changing the way people watch television on Saturday nights.
Hurry! Come on!
So when Saturday night arrives,
get with the programs,
Get on the couch and snick.
Only on Nickelodeon.
Sounds like a pig.
Sounds like a cow.
Four different awesome toss-ums.
Each sold separately.
Batteries included.
Big available May 1st.
So I asked my parents for some Kellogg's Frosted Moony Wheats.
And all of a sudden I...
So grown up.
Oh, he's eating so sensibly.
Well, he knows just how cool the stuff is.
Just check out all that whole grain wheat.
Whole grain wheat.
They're very nutritious.
He's definitely...
He eats it. It's frosty.
It jams.
It's whatever.
Child genius should eat.
Kellogg's Frosted Moony Wheats tastes so good.
Who cares about anything else?
Besides, it's part of this complete breakfast.
He's probably downstairs right now
writing his dissertation on world peace.
Oh, there you go.
Oh, God!
What is that?
Hawaiian punch.
Whoa!
Punch.
Brew juicy yellow, orange, green, and blue.
Pump-a-punch.
Hawaiian punch.
Nothing else has the punch.
Keep it going.
Juicy punch.
A nice Hawaiian punch.
Sure.
Nothing else has the punch.
Shake it up.
Muppet up.
Muppet up with the Muppet Babies
every weekday at 433-30 Central on Nickelodeon.
What's cool and new?
Robots that fit in your fist.
Seabots from Micro Machine.
Totally cool.
The most awesome collection of ultra-small, unbelievable robots
outrageously created with radical colors
and moving robotic arms and legs.
Some good, some bad, some armed.
Oh, cool!
So small they fit in your pocket.
So many, you won't believe it.
Micro Machine, Seabots, Robot Packs.
Each sold separately from Galoobe.
The consumer's gonna eat it and I want them to think that it's good quality
because I care.
Eminem's Chocolate Candies.
I'm sure that if it looks good, I made it.
Welcome to SNCC.
Saturday Night Nickelodeon.
Now you'll know what everyone's talking about on Monday Morning.
NPP?
NPP stands for No Parents Please and take it from me.
No matter how cool your parents think they are,
sooner or later they'll stick you in a situation labeled strictly NPP.
Like when you run into a cute guy hanging out by the popcorn counter.
Mom and Dad can kill the romance before your butter starts to melt.
Being called in by the school principal to have a little talk can be bad enough.
But the big trouble-factor multiplies once you add in parental units.
Even though sometimes your parents are necessary,
having them around can spell humiliation, disaster, or both.
But fortunately, tonight, I'm home alone.
The VCR is rigged, the junk food is stopped, and I'm ready to go.
I'd like to think of this as the perfect NPP experience.
Okay, reward face.
Remember when Mom and Dad are gone, I'm the man of the house.
Looks like we've got a long night ahead of us.
You don't need an umbrella.
Trust me.
Well, the weatherman says right.
Yeah, well, you know, the weatherman say a lot of things.
It is not gonna rain.
Well, at least take a coat.
Now, Clarissa, when it starts to rain,
be sure to close the windows.
Sure, Mom.
Ferguson, no more than one hour of television.
Oh, certainly, Dad.
You know I get ice-train after an hour.
And there's tofu casserole in the freezer, let it thaw,
and then bake it for 35 minutes at 450 degrees.
I know, Mom, I know.
It's hard to forget with all these helpful, sticky things you must around.
Come on honey, we're gonna be late now. You're the guest of honor.
It's just the finniest fiddle carp award for outstanding curator.
Their museum gives one out every year.
Yeah, this year it's for you.
Whoa, let's go.
Be good.
We will.
Hey, I'll lock up after.
And be in bed by 10.30 sharp?
No problem.
Bye.
Now remember, this time we're not gonna fight.
We're gonna get along no matter what.
Oh, hello, little slice of heaven.
Yes, I'd like to order one extra large pizza.
Oh, make that two extra large pizzas,
extra cheese, extra sauce, extra everything,
and no tofu.
Okay, go to foreshadow lane. Thanks, bye.
Yes.
Good going, Ferg.
Now all we have to do is sit back, watch the videos,
and wait for the pizza to arrive.
Cool, pop him a bit of juice.
What is this?
PsychoCop 4, the final shape down, now available on videocass...
They must have given us the wrong tape.
PsychoCop?
Ferg face!
Try it, you'll love it.
Follow the headbusting adventures of Eddie Mad Dog Stalitsky.
As he blows away crime-loving dirtbags and takes back the streets,
I'm calling the video store.
Trust me, sis, PsychoCop is big entertainment.
Only if you have a very little brain.
Sis, relax, enjoy, indulge.
I'm gonna microwave some popcorn.
Why does one night of peace make me wanna kill it?
Put the gun down, Jocko.
No way, man.
One more step and I'll waste that chip.
Do it, man.
Come on.
You got rules.
Yeah, nice going, Mad Dog.
He'll be screaming like I ought the walls for weeks.
Is this too cool or what?
Hey, what did you do that for?
That was the best part.
Dad said one hour of TV and that's it.
You must be joking.
House rules.
We had an agreement.
Right, we agreed to watch Beetlejuice.
So they gave me the wrong tape, that's not my fault.
Give me the remote.
No way.
You can't make the rules.
Time older.
I'm smarter.
Then figure out what to do without television benefits, weenie.
That doesn't.
Turn that tape back on or...
Or what?
You're gonna tell Mom and Dad I wouldn't let you watch two hours of an R-rated movie?
Mark my words, sis.
You will.
I already regret letting Berg face love this long.
Some night in, with all the fun I'm having,
Mom and Dad might as well have stayed home.
So I resorted to pulling rank and backing it up with blackmail.
At least I got Ferg wide away from the tube.
I don't think upstairs is moping.
Then who cares?
I'm warm.
I'm dry.
And I've got a whole night of TV listings to choose from.
Either Freddy Kruger's been reading the entertainment section of Mom
when I had another one of her coupon frenzies.
Now, let's see.
Climb the stairs.
Now what does he think he's doing?
Well, only one way to find out.
Keep going.
Hey, maybe these aren't from Fergweiss.
Maybe someone kidnapped Ferguson.
Maybe they want ransom.
That chance.
Knowing Fergweiss, they probably paid us in the back.
Big trouble.
Was it?
Oh, please.
Insult my intelligence a little, why don't you?
I know you're in there.
Have a nice, long stay.
See you later, Ferdinator.
What are you doing in my room?
What are you doing trying to scare me with your old dead body in the closet trick?
What dead body in the closet trick?
You get me up here with stupid notes.
I open the closet, you pull it like a dead body.
I scream.
What notes?
And how am I supposed to pull it out of the closet when I'm standing right here?
Well, if you're not in the closet, then.
Oh, I get it.
Steal the way to do boogie, man.
Oh, should I take you into this?
Maybe you leave the door open just to...
Head up, puss brains.
Mom, Dad, there's a big bed man in my closet.
Get over it, devil boy.
I'm not afraid of a closet door.
Prove it.
Fine.
Go out from the kid from Shadow Lane.
I wasn't afraid.
Yeah, not much. You weren't.
I suppose that was one of the screams of calm you hear so much about.
It looked totally fake.
Yeah, protest all you want to.
Instant photos worth a thousand words.
Give that back or prepare to kiss your teeth confined.
Can one minute off the black male photo of a lifetime?
You'll never look to see. It's a bell!
What's the matter, lightweight?
At a breath already?
You don't want to be down here.
Why not?
Because there's something Mom and Dad didn't tell us about when they bought this house.
I'm getting out of here.
Wait.
What didn't they tell us when they bought the house?
There is buried on some ancient burial ground.
Ooh, spooky.
That's just a problem.
There was no burial...
Ha!
Go ahead and laugh.
You're young.
Too young to know about.
It.
It?
What's it?
It lives down here.
But you really wouldn't call it alive.
Cut it out.
Haven't you ever wondered why Mom and Dad got this house at such a bargain rate?
I'm talking about Dad's always complaining about the mortgage.
So he says that way you'll never know about it.
I know that I'll believe you.
I've said too much already.
Come on!
Well, all right.
Haven't you ever heard about the hand of Henry Hemelhocker?
What?
Of Henry who?
The janitor at Thomas Tupper Junior High.
Well, at least.
He used to be...
What happened?
He fell into a vat of toxic waste stored in the school's subbasement.
No way.
Don't take my word for it.
You can look it up in town records.
I will.
I mean, I won't.
I mean, uh...
Who cares?
What happened?
His whole body became one big disgusting radioactive lump.
He moved into sewers feeding off of rats and pigeons.
Then he found Shadow Lane.
The house wasn't built yet.
It was just an unfinished foundation.
I mean, just an unfinished basement?
Exactly.
When the workers found him, they freaked.
Cut him up into little pieces.
Throw away all his parts except his hand.
Nobody ever found it.
Ever!
So, uh, what's the big deal about it?
Legend has it that the hand landed in the cement mixture,
the very same one used to build this basement.
So?
Once I came down to the basement,
I swear I saw fingertips.
I don't believe it.
So, uh, well, you know, kind of like, uh,
let's go upstairs with a little more light.
Oh, there's nothing to worry about.
The hand of Henry Hemelhocker can only claim a victim
for the rest of the month.
And today's the sixth.
Ooh, that's good.
Today is the seventh.
Really?
That would explain.
It's amazing what Dad's old baseball make can do
when properly used.
Okay, things have gotten ugly in the drawing house
now that all bets are off.
First, the first face tried to rig my room with water balloons.
It only broke in.
It broke the latch in my window.
It was physical when we went from
Darling Family's bright nights to the full-scale war.
Sure, fighting with your brother can be fun,
but this whole sibling rivalry thing is exhausting.
Ferguson!
What?
Get in here!
You gonna try to scam me with the foot of Frederick Hemelhocker?
Here's the way it is. We've got to stop fighting.
Right, sure.
We don't have to get along, but we have to see
facilities until Mom and Dad get home.
Why? You can't take it?
Well, I can't take the thought of you and me
All right.
Shake?
Shake.
Oh, by the way, is this true as retroactive?
Sure. Let bygones be bygones.
Good.
What's this?
Nothing. Bye.
This is a page from my diary.
I took the liberty of ripping out myself.
Lucy Darling and Blake Winston together forever.
I'm touching.
In the name of peace, I'll let that slide.
Good. In the name of peace, I suppose you'll let the fact
that I made 400 photocopies and placed them strategically
throughout the school slide as well.
You did what?
Like Mom and Dad said in the 60s.
Peace, baby.
This truth is all.
In Wienerville, it's filled with lots of me, Dottie.
The real personality of the show.
Cartoons.
And me making a mess.
There are a lot of different cartoons.
Which kids are we going to Wienerize today?
It's Sunday afternoon. It's filled with cartoons.
And those guys.
I hate when they climb.
Watch Nickelodeon Wienerville every Sunday
starting at 2-1 Central right here on Nickelodeon.
High above the jungle, swinging from trees.
I am Corko Crisp.
Dave wants mine too, but I'm too clever.
I'm much too weak.
I can make anyone.
Corko Crisp.
There's such a chocolatey and delicious part
of this complete breakfast.
Even the milk turns chocolate.
With every bite so chocolatey.
Oh everybody wants mine.
Corko Crisp.
Do you believe in magic?
Star薬
There's only one place to find it
and all the stars of Walt Disney
snow white in the seven doors besides the movie theater.
They may be in this room right now.
No, they're at McDonald's.
One toy.
Hi, KB. Who are your friends?
My dog Donut.
My buddy Marty.
Hi, KB. What's up?
Classmate Ocean?
Hi, I'm Kai.
Who are not your friends?
Well, there's these two guys at school, Jesse and Jeff.
Jeff does drugs and he tries to get us to do it too.
Jesse thinks he's cool because he hangs out with Jeff.
Hey guys, wanna have some fun?
No thanks, man.
Yeah, get a life, guys.
You're watching...
Nick!
And now, back to Clarissa, explains it all.
Things work anyway.
I don't know, are you the one who blew the fuse?
The lightning blew the fuse, burglar.
Probably the short wire, the one in your brain, too.
Try that one.
Okay.
All right, sis.
Maybe you're right, we should stop fighting until Mom and Dad get home.
Not that I'm scared, but, you know, things could get out of hand
and we're too mature for that.
Uh-huh.
And I admit it, I didn't really make 400 copies of your little love doodle.
That's good for you.
What was that?
What was what?
Don't tell me you didn't hear that.
Don't tell me you expect me to fall for another one of your lame old tricks.
What trick?
For somebody to do it?
Oh, great. You go answer it.
You go answer it.
Why should I?
You're younger.
You're older.
Well then, just take a look at the peephole.
No way.
Fine, I can't hurt to just take a look, right?
Need help?
Yeah, give me a lift.
Oh, is it?
There's nobody there.
What do you mean there's nobody there?
There's gotta be somebody there.
I'm not feeling for my own dead body gang.
Watch out, I'm in a couple of pills with a hat closed out.
Like, so?
They even rigged the pillows right.
Hey, where do those muddy footprints come from?
Oh, don't expect me to fall for that. You put them there.
When, when I was downstairs with you, I couldn't have done it.
Well, if you couldn't have done it, then I couldn't have done it.
Then who did it?
Colin.
Either Ferguson's a practical joke, King,
is where we have a very unwanted guest.
Well, no one's gonna break into this house.
The only other way in is by...
Lana!
Everything's secure in my room.
It's my stuffed dragon.
You still have that?
Well, I only put him along to kind of scare away any trespassers trying to get into the house.
It's very effective.
Look, just give me a hand with the latch.
What's in it for me?
You and your dragon get to live your lives in privacy if you know what I mean.
You're not gonna tell anybody in school this, will you?
You mean about your close personal relationship with the stuffed animal?
It doesn't matter. It happens to be a master of spin control.
Chill, lame brain. I won't tell them. Just help me with the windows.
Don't worry, sis.
Fortunately, you've got my cool mind at work here.
Nobody's trying to break in, so this would...
What?
Are you crazy? That could have been Sam.
Not that I care.
Oh, you're right.
Wait a second.
What is this, Dad?
Then who was that with the ladder?
Go look.
You go look.
I don't believe...
Okay, we have to lock up.
You get the left side, I'll get the right.
Okay, we can't keep doing this forever.
We need a plan.
All right, sis. Don't worry.
I've got it all figured out.
You've heard of the blind leading the blind.
Get ready to meet the dweeby leading the petrified.
Okay.
You sure we locked every lock now?
Positive. We're bolted.
Sis, this is something I didn't think I'd ever have to share with you,
but it looks like the time has come.
My secret laboratory.
Here we have a stunning array
of superior surveillance products
and tactical retaliation weaponry.
I can't believe you have all this stuff.
Hey, there's a spring loader you tried to fit in my closet one.
Yes, four pints of month old yogurt
were supposed to fly out and hit you.
Too bad about the technical difficulties.
And here's that voice-activated fly swatter.
Yeah, if only it worked.
Ferguson, what good is this going to do?
None of this stuff actually worked ever.
We have to make a completely new mechanism.
A total booby trap that'll make whoever wants to come into the house
never want to come back again.
Okay, I'm with you.
Here's the catch.
To get this guy out of the house,
we first have to let him into the house.
Let's do it to it.
Scared?
Yeah.
Me too.
First then, let's make a pact.
If we live through this, let's make sure we never fight again.
Okay.
First, let's make sure we live through this.
Here's the plan.
Return out the lights.
Unlock the back door.
Then stockpile the supply of the elastic projectile units.
Aren't they called bullies?
Whatever.
We follow with the test of the tensile defense activator.
Uh-huh.
And then top it all off with the latest development in slinky security.
What do we do?
We're here and hiding total terror until it goes away.
Good plan.
What are you doing, calculating our odds for survival?
No, I was just thinking.
If we stop whoever's trying to get into our home,
there might be big bucks in a patented furg alert home security system.
Oh, good bullet tips.
We don't like long enough to spend it.
Nobody can get through the patented tank filled water balloons
we set up back there.
Ow!
Still calming.
I don't know if the racket we rigged up will work.
We trapped between us and the man in the kitchen.
If he gets through the slinky trap.
Hiya, honey.
Oh!
Yeah, well, hey Janet, you were right.
I should have brought my umbrella.
Oh, can't believe it.
My gadgets finally actually weren't.
What happened?
Well, we were trying to call when the phone lines went down.
I got worried.
So I stayed at the museum and your father went ahead.
I lost my keys.
I slipped in the mud.
I tried the back door.
I tried the front door and that ladder is very unreliable.
Sorry about that, Dad.
But you do look kind of funny.
I bet I do.
Dad, are we in trouble?
Am I a burglar?
No.
Then you're in trouble.
Someday they'll be sorry.
Is that another rejection letter from the young Republicans?
The patent doors.
They said the Fergo and Harm Security System is not sufficiently reliable.
Not sufficiently reliable.
Let's ask Dad about that, shall we?
Hey, the room wasn't patented in a day.
I'm telling you, bring an umbrella.
But Marshal, we don't need one.
Janet, you can never be too careful with a weather's concern.
Trust me.
Hey, where are you guys going?
Just to the supermarket, sport.
How long will you be gone?
Oh, we'll be gone about an hour.
Oh, take me with you.
What a sudden interest in groceries, Ferguson.
Well, you know, it's important to get out of the house every once in a while.
I couldn't agree more.
Have fun.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
Yes.
Home alone at last.
I can't get enough of that Golden Crisp.
Sugar bears after my Golden Crisp cereal.
Oh, no, you don't.
Now, Granny Goodridge, a little space chase
never keeps me from those crunchy sweet puffs of wheat.
In my tummy on the honey wheat taste of Golden Crisp.
It's part of a complete breakfast.
Success in life is the result of preparation
and having the right tools.
To become the person you've always wanted to be,
select Nordic Flex Gold.
You provide the effort,
and Nordic Flex Gold provides the means to your personal success.
You want to develop the poise, confidence and energy
that come from a strong-toned body.
And just like these people,
you can have that body in just 12 weeks with Nordic Flex Gold.
Some people spend a lifetime wishing for a great body.
Now with Nordic Flex Gold,
you can unlock your potential in as little as 12 weeks.
Nordic Flex Gold features linear motion
and patented isoconetic resistance,
providing results fast,
up to 70% faster than with rubber band machines
or even free weights.
Now is the time to act.
Great muscle tone,
three times faster fat loss,
increased energy,
as well as poise and confidence
in 12 weeks with Nordic Flex Gold.
To order or for more information,
call now.
The Sandlot Gang.
The Sandlot, rated PG,
starts Wednesday, April 7th
at theaters everywhere.
We're listening to the rock music.
And we are delighted.
Hey child of born, the first being he is aware of
is usually his mother.
He learns to show his affection for her.
Mama!
For goodness sake he straight up on me.
He soon becomes aware of other females.
Perhaps he has a sister.
There are other girls out there,
How does he react to this?
Hmm, a girl.
But it doesn't seem like this bit of fun.
Oh, I got it.
James comes over our young man.
He begins to feel differently about girl.
It is during this difficult time that the boy
needs the help of caring, understanding parents.
Mikey, let's go!
You're going to be late for school!
I am Wubba Wubba.
I'm Downwind, and Judy Land.
And we're here on Club MTV.
I'm empty.
Are you this tall?
An axle's yummy little bum.
Next on MTV, Paul Abdul.
Unclugged.
Get your butt to school.
But no butt!
MTV, my butt.
I just want to say I love you.
I love you.
And I love you.
This guy's on G.C.
Wait!
Fifth Avenue.
It'll make you go.
Big awesome video game enhancer is now getting
smaller.
Need for Game Boy.
With super small code book.
He told me not to.
He said it was funny.
Knock, knock.
Nothing.
Cheetah.
Cheetah who?
Don't cheat on the test.
We now return to Roundhouse and Snick.
Only on Knick.
What's it called, Hillary?
No, stop.
No, Hillary, what's the concept called?
Oh.
Oh, cool.
Raise money for people who are cool.
Yeah.
Cool than cool, eh?
Let's take Sean here.
He just has to try on.
Sean should be totally way fully cool
if he had a pair of Rain Man sunglasses.
Dude, they totally cost $100.
Yeah.
So who's going to appear at this cool
eh concept?
Well, so far no one's really cool enough to play.
Yeah, I mean Bill Collins wanted to play.
Yeah, he's not.
No, he's not.
It's Ben Houlton.
Really cool enough to go in.
Maybe Skip.
Dude, what do you mean maybe Skip?
I'm fully cool.
Oh yeah, you're pretty cool.
You're eating burgers and you got mustard.
Oh, Hillary, this is it.
Oh, and Deng will be back after these messages.
I'm going to eat burgers.
Now you can get them to eat friends, but you're careful.
Oh, who was it?
I don't know.
It sounded like two kids talking at the same time.
What would they say?
Well, how much?
How am I supposed to know?
I don't speak, dude.
But I think you were supposed to meet him at the mall.
Oh, the mall.
I forgot.
What time is it?
Oh, I got to hurry up.
They probably started without me.
The cashier is a real babe.
Who's the new guy?
Dude!
We had to replace you for the day.
Be like, I'll be nothing, dude.
Shot to fry and hot to prop.
Whoa, loser.
Wait a minute.
For a second.
Hey, does a bear have a broad butt?
Does a bear have a broad butt?
You know, a bear's butt is huge.
What do you want to talk about?
Okay, there's this girl at school that I kind of like.
The other guy thinks she's fully lit.
Listen.
If those butt heads don't like her, but you do,
you just give them a little message from Dad.
You tell him to butt out.
Huh?
It's that simple.
If that doesn't work, then go ask your mother,
because I'm out of ideas after that.
Kind of afraid he won't ask me,
but, you know, kind of afraid he will.
Oh, sure.
I know what you mean, hun.
See, I've got my first lecture-ware party coming up,
and I am scared to death.
Oh, no.
I do think potato salad would be nice only Mrs. Greenbaum
is coming and always gives her cash.
Could you hold on just a second, honey?
This is my exit here.
Woo!
I'm going to drive!
Stevie, hey!
Have you ever been afraid of a girl?
Yeah.
I'm afraid of Marcia Tray.
Oh, she's a good basing for the Yellow Jacket.
She's pleaded or captured near the stitches.
Hey!
You're having a party.
Everybody's having a wonderful time.
Then your worst fears are realized.
Your father gets up to dance.
Watch your butt kick there, go to bookie.
G-A-S.
Party Animal Syndrome.
It's right when you need to expect it.
Learn to read these warning signals.
The Jadanua golf camp will talk about butterflies
or other hideous designs on this.
Does he own more than one nimble record?
Let's see how Marcia does that sense something like,
let's boogie or I'm with potential party animal
and he needs milk.
Call it a kick today.
The sick center has trained professionals
to treat the party animal and to save your party.
We have trained dogs who can sniff out and destroy
a semi-clever barbecue apron and bury mantel or record.
Call today because the party you saved may be your own.
Jeff, you're dead.
Hey, can I talk to you for a second?
I guess so.
Well, I've been noticing you and, you know,
you're kind of different.
So?
Well, so.
I have a couple tickets to the Kool-Aid concert
and I thought you might want to go.
Well, okay.
Well, you know, why not?
It's a date.
Great, it's a date.
These kids' meals are just for kids.
And so is what's inside.
UFOs have been sighted,
invading our planet,
making contact with earthlings
and popping up everywhere.
They're unbelievably fun objects.
One in every Wendy's kids' meal you can collect all five.
Dress for sports.
They're a team of sorts.
Dollars clothes.
A fashion show.
Dress to dance.
They love to prance.
Treasure trolled teenies.
Form a set.
Form eight.
Walt Disney Pictures and Steven Spielberg present
a brand new maroon cartoon.
Roger Rabbit and Baby Herman are back
and this time they're going wild in the woods.
Need any help?
Need a camera?
Yeah!
It's the funniest camping trip ever.
Yeah, baby!
And a monument to tune entertainment.
Trail mix-up.
Remember, only you can prevent forest fires.
Rated G.
And you can only see it with a far-off place rated PG.
Starts Friday, March 12th.
Walt Disney Pictures and Ambulant Entertainment present
the movie critics are calling an epic adventure
of action and suspense.
We're never gonna make it!
Don't miss one of the best Disney live-action films
in years.
Speaking of a far-off place rated PG now playing
and also from Disney comes the first must-see movie
of 93.
It's an instant classic and Siskel and Ebert give
two thumbs-up for Homeward Bound,
The Incredible Journey rated G.
And a far-off place, each playing separately
at a theater near you.
We now return to Roundhouse and Snick.
Only on Knick.
First, James and Jackson five.
Then Michael and Janet put the music world by storm.
Now, there's my Jen Zoico Jackson.
An all-new performer made up of discarded parts
from all of the other Jackson.
Not only did he have Janet's size in LaToya's brain,
but he also has the original noses
of the entire Jackson family
put together into one enormous conqueror.
He's either got Michael or Janet's hair, it's hard to tell,
but he definitely has Michael's left hand.
My Jen Zoico, he's all new, but he's all Jackson.
Unfortunately, he sings like LaToya.
See, my Jen Zoico at the Kool-Aid Concert tonight.
Oh, yeah, that concert's tonight.
I have a date for that.
I have a date tonight.
Oh, look at that.
It's inside of Mount Fuji.
And my hair.
God, it looks like a ghost has been sucking on it.
I bet it has bad breath.
Ooh, you do.
Hey, how can you think about something else?
I'll watch TV.
Do you have zits?
Do you ever feel like putting a bag over your head?
Or do you ever wish for a new miracle cream?
Want to discover those zits
like millions of tiny little belt-standers?
Well, too bad, there is no such cream.
But if you still feel like putting a bag over your head,
we have the very latest in designer bags
for you self-conscious scenes.
Right here at Bag Your Fame.
I would like to take a moment to talk to all of you
about body odors.
Trying to scorch out with turpentine
for that problem, Dandruff.
Are your teeth as bright as they could be?
Or do they look like something up a bottom of the aquarium?
Don't you hate it when you have dragon breath?
Foot odor.
Ring around the collar.
The commercial sites leave you feeling neurotic
about almost all of your bodily functions.
Well, they should.
If not, visit us, Tessa.
Don't scratch their institute of middle-class values
and we'll have you neurotic and self-conscious
in no time at all.
If you aren't, someone bows the notice.
Now, this is your first date.
There is something that we have never talked about
and I think it's time we did.
Okay, better.
Have a nice time on your date, dear.
Hey, Dad. Dad, I got that date tonight.
You got any advice for me?
Yeah, watch your butt.
Hey, I'm sure I can do it, dude. I don't know.
Of course, dude. You can beat her, man.
She's just a girl.
Besides, you're a lean, lean, dating machine, dude.
Hi, hi.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to tonight's date.
A ten-round bout with a three-hour time limit.
Introducing in this corner,
weighing five pounds more than she admits to
the girl!
Finally on the minds of the girl's parents,
the boy!
This match is about to get underway.
There's a lot of excitement and anticipation here tonight,
but both of these young contenders,
it is the first time in the ring
with a member of the opposite sex.
They seem to be somewhat nervous.
Okay, oh, the good, clean date.
No groping, no grabbing, no heavy panic.
And a waterhead by level 30.
Oh!
Now, when the bell rings,
I want you to come out and date it.
There's the bell.
These two young daters seem to be feeling each other out.
Hey, you want to get something to eat?
The boy makes the first move
and scores points by offering his opponent food.
You can have anything you want.
That's the two dollars.
Whoa!
And now he loses points by being incredibly safe.
Uh, that's okay.
I really didn't want to walk that-
Knock out funs by pointing out that the boy doesn't drive.
That's the end of round one.
I'm doing pretty good, huh, dude?
Dude, getting this is fully murdered, man.
And you can't let it get away with that, dude.
She's not even a cheerleader.
What do I do, dude?
Uh, she's someone to buy her hair, dude.
The boy comes out quickly to begin round two.
Looks as if he's going to try something.
Hey, what is that in your hair?
He's got it on the defensive now.
Well, what's it for?
It's Brent.
That was two quick punches.
Let's see if he can put it away.
You know, I thought she was different,
but you're kind of weird.
As a matter of fact,
you are, so I'm cool.
I don't even know why I asked you out in the first leg,
because if you want to be seen with more,
you have to wash that out of your hair.
And if it doesn't wash out, then cut it out.
A girl is reeling. She doesn't know a hitter.
Her corner is about to throw in a towel.
What would I do now?
Well, gee, son, if it was up to me,
I'd reprise the theme song and roll a credit.
You want to spend more time down at the Roundhouse
than be here tomorrow when Roundhouse returns
at 5.40. Only on Nick.
An object in motion is to stay in motion.
Continue.
Ian presents the continuing story
of the kid who accidentally swung over the bar
and became Inside Out Boy.
We join our hero as he faces his greatest challenge, girls.
Hi.
Hey, you're that Inside Out Boy.
Call me I.O.B.
So, like, what are your superpowers, I.O.B.?
Well...
Do you have super breath?
No, but I do have minty fresh breath.
Smell.
Do you have X-ray eyes?
No, but I can turn my eyelids outside in.
Look.
Gross. I thought you were different.
I am.
Wait.
We're going to be late.
You are late.
All passes, please.
Sorry, no pockets.
Yeah!
Inside Out Boy.
He's got what it takes to impress a girl.
Guts.
For more adventures, keep watching Nickelodeon.
What are you doing, man?
I am brushing my teeth, Ren.
Boy, what a waste of time.
You'll be sorry when all your teeth fall out.
Are you talking kid stuff?
Crazy stuff.
I've never brushed before,
and I'm not about to start now.
Well, maybe you should, Ren.
If you want to have a nice smile like mine,
a big deal.
I'll show you a smile.
Stimpy.
My tooth.
It hurts.
Why, Stimpy?
Why?
There.
There now.
I know it hurts.
Why does it hurt?
Did I ever tell you the story about the tooth beaver, Ren?
Tell me a story.
Well, you see, Ren,
inside every mouth there are teeth.
And wherever there's teeth,
you'll find the tooth beaver.
And where you find the tooth beaver,
you'll find a nerve ending.
Now, your nerve endings
are the tastiest part of your body.
And your tooth beaver knows this.
Ren.
I guess you're ready to brush your teeth with me tonight.
Oh, no, you don't.
I told you before.
Brushing your teeth is for humans.
Kid stuff.
Crazy stuff.
You're stinky even for me.
Oh, man.
Pulse.
Taste.
Cripes.
What is that smell?
Oh, jeez.
Oh.
Man.
No, man, but it's ruining my meal.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
We're trying to eat here.
And you stand here,
airing out your stinky old gum holes.
What are you trying to do?
Make us puke?
What's wrong, Ren?
You're stinky.
I've been a fool.
I should have brushed my teeth,
but now my teeth,
they are gone.
And all I have left
is your stinky holes.
Hmm.
Oh, look on the bright side, Ren.
At least you still got your nerve endings.
My nerve endings?
What good are they going to do me?
Would you like me to tell you a little story?
A story.
If you put your nerve endings
under your pillow tonight,
the nerve ending fairy
will come and take them away.
And she'll leave you $100 bills.
Then you can buy new teeth.
Oh, Stimpy.
You are my friend.
I smell something, Steve.
Time to pay up.
Hmm, out of bills.
Wait.
Here we go.
Ball of lint.
That's good enough for him.
Good morning, Ren.
Oh, is it time for my mash?
Oh, Stimpy.
Happy birthday, Ren.
For me?
You should know.
Why?
It's beautiful.
Go ahead. Try it on.
I love my you tooth.
Thank you.
What's way for a snack and fits on your back?
It's a log log.
Hey, kids.
Wait till you see what's new
from the amazing world of log.
Start heading for the store right now
because you can't live without the all-new
puppet show log.
The variable speed electro log.
GI log.
Girls, you love baby wet myself log.
And you boys will have hours of fun
playing fort with frontier log.
Everyone will marvel at the visible log
and invisible log.
You'll want to be the first on your block
to sport the new line of log wear
like the log helmet
and snug fitting log underwear
for petite and portly sizes.
Rush to buy the new log lunchbox.
Learn about nature with the anatomically correct log.
And visit distant worlds with the log of tomorrow.
And boy will your friends' eyes
bug out of their skulls
when they see your new super deluxe ultra log.
Hurry. Rush to the store
because supplies can't last on products this good.
It's log. It's log.
Want so long.
You're gonna love it. Get your log.
Log from Blamo.
Batteries not included.
And Stimpy and Snick will be back
after these messages.
Bring back the little bit jello pudding snack.
You throw it away.
Lick it.
Okay.
What one word best describes a jello pudding snack?
Tasty.
Sorry.
Squishy.
Final question now.
To get the last bit of your jello pudding snack,
the proper utensil is...
Spoon.
Cool creamy jello pudding snacks.
If you're not involved,
get involved in the friendship
that betrays the continuing high school saga of 15
every weekday at 53430 Central on Nick.
And now, back to the glow of the Renan Stimpy show.
You know Stimpy?
With your invention and my savvy,
we'll corner the rubber nipple market.
We'll be millionaires.
We'll rule the world.
Just grand,
I am not in this for financial gain.
I have a dream.
I believe one day that everyone,
everywhere,
will know the wonders of my nipples.
Fine.
You keep your dream,
and I'll keep the money.
Now shut up and drive.
I'm driving, I'm driving.
And hardly contain myself.
Just where do you think you're going?
I was gonna sell some rubber nipples.
You don't know how to sell anything.
You can't even wheeze by yourself.
Now stand back and watch your real salesman at work.
Okay, Ren.
I've had it up to here with the likes of you people.
I'm sorry.
I thought you were a...
circus midget.
I have a new dream, Ren.
What's your dream?
That someday,
then I will be as good a salesman
as you, Ren.
Now shut up and let me do the talking.
Do I know you?
I don't think so.
Would you like to take a look at some fine rubber nipples?
Did my wife send you?
No, sir.
But you look like someone who could really use some rubber nipples.
How do I know you're not from the FBI?
Sir, I can assure you we're only salesmen.
All right, so I made a mistake.
One mistake?
And a man's not over.
Do I have to keep on paying?
Maybe I should make another mistake.
Maybe two more.
Please, sir.
I think one mistake is planning.
Just let me show you what's inside here.
Don't do it, man. I'm not armed.
We really just want to sell you some rubber nipples.
See?
Oh, it is a nipple.
Ha ha ha ha.
Oh, watch you must think of me.
Forget everything I said.
So, nipples, huh?
Hmm.
No, sir. I don't think I have any use for rubber nipples.
I'll tell you what, though.
Do you have any rubber walrus protectors?
Ren?
What is it, man?
Oh, please! Can I talk at the next house?
Can I? Can I? Huh?
Please, please, can I?
Get the hold of yourself, man.
All right, all right. Shut up and get in the truck.
Joy.
Hello, sir.
Would you like to buy some shiny new rubber nipples?
I made them myself.
Hmm, nipples, huh?
Let me ask the wife.
Honey, are we short on rubber nipples?
Now, dear, don't you go buy new rubber nipples
and you don't use the ones you already have.
Well, maybe I would if they weren't all chewed up.
Come on in, boys. Let's see what you got.
Well, sir, you know, rubber nipples have come a long way since you were a child.
I bet you thought rubber nipples were just a put in your mouth.
Well, yeah, actually.
Well, nowadays, there's a thousand and one uses for my handy dandy rubber nipples.
Serif.
They're perfect for storing your hair-tremings.
Now, there's something the little woman can use.
They're perfect for getting at those hide-to-reach places.
Just amazing.
They make great finger gloves.
For when you have to touch filthy and repulsive things.
I have to touch filthy and repulsive things every day.
Don't I, honey?
Watch me now.
Those plugs.
And they make wonderful rain hats.
They protect your eyes from harmful UV rays.
And they make...
Oh, man.
Wait till the guys in the office get a load of this.
Do you want to sleep out in the yard?
You mean for a change?
Yeah, are your knees cold, sir?
Well, yes, they are a little chilly.
No more frosty knees, no serif.
They are warm.
Honey, how long have we been married?
And we don't have any of these.
All right, boys.
Here's five bucks.
I'll take the whole mess of them.
Five bucks!
Now get out.
Great, Pudini.
Goulade bang.
What are we?
Mario.
Hi, I'm your master, Mario.
Wish you're in.
The wicked imposter, Mario, has cast an evil spell on the Mario Land.
Don't let Mario get the six golden coins.
Don't let Mario reach the palace.
This is the biggest, most dangerous,
most challenging Game Boy adventure yet.
Okay, Mario.
Destroy Mario.
Don't fall under Mario's evil spell in Super Mario Land 2.
Only on Game Boy.
Presenting the one and only fruit-bearing gummy bears.
It's amazing fruit.
Made with the goodness of real fruit juice.
They're called amazing fruit.
It's amazing fruit.
New amazing fruit is so fruity, you can hardly bear it.
Tropical flavors, too.
It's Disney's Aladdin.
Let's have some fun.
It's the Aladdin has a plan to marry Jasmine.
Beautiful.
Can Gigi make his dreams come true?
True love, not Mario's birthday.
Don't fall separately.
So better be Mr. Toad.
Having fun fishing?
You bet.
Hey, guys.
Breakfast.
Let's go, Grandpa.
You got it.
Come on.
This isn't funny.
I want my colleagues' corn pops.
Oh, like sweet popcorn.
And everyone's eating pops except me.
Corn pops is part of this complete breakfast.
I gotta have my pops.
With Nintendo Game ID stickers, there's no doubt whose game it is.
You'll find three stickers, free and marked boxes of Kellogg's corn pops.
It's mine.
Secret beauties, everyone's a beauty.
And they share beauty secrets with me.
Lipstick secret beauty.
Her beauty secret's pretty lipstick.
Pink goes with everything.
And I love her sparkly crown.
Secret beauties, everyone's a beauty.
Her fume secret beauty.
Her secret's real perfume.
Roses.
Mine's strawberry.
Secret beauties, everyone's a beauty.
Lipstick secret beauties and perfume secret beauties are each sold separately.
I guess everybody knows that Frank was supposed to tell tonight's story.
But we have an unusual situation and he's agreed to pass the bag to Eric.
Eric?
My grandfather died this week.
He was from Ireland and he used to tell these neat stories from Aira.
He'd acted at all the different parts and he used a new voice for each character.
Before he died, he gave me his hat.
He said, Eric Mollage guarded well.
It's blessed with the power of the pixies.
What's a pixie?
Well, there was a pop-up used to call fairies.
He said, lad, if they always acted fair, I'd call them fairies.
Pop-up was our kind of guy.
He'd only tell stories about the evil ones.
And he had this great one about Kelpie, a kind of water horse
that invited little kids to hop on its back
so we could swim up into the ocean and eat them.
But I think that pop-up's favorite pixies were the leprechauns.
That's where he said he got his hat.
What is a leprechaun?
Well, they're kind of like little old men and they make shoes.
And they dress all in green and they wear strange little hats like this one.
How'd your grandfather get the hat?
Well, he said he got it in a trade.
If a person offers a pixie a trade, they can't refuse no matter how bad a deal it is.
All you have to do is say mine be yours and yours be mine.
Anyway, this was one of Pop-up's favorite stories
so I'm gonna try to tell it the way he did.
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society,
I call this story, The Tale of Jake and the Leprechaun.
Never!
Away with a vile creature like you, pick on a poor boy like this.
Hey, shameless doll, you stay out of this.
I come to take what's mine.
Stand aside, boy. The battle's just begun.
Sorry.
Somebody help me with this wig.
Drops.
Wait!
Let's wait for the night, everyone. Good work.
Jake Joyce wanted to be an actor more than anything else.
His big break came when he landed the lead in Will of the Wisp,
a magical play about leprechauns and goblins.
It was Jake's first play and unfortunately, it was gonna be his last.
Lucy! Lucy!
Lucy! I need my tea.
I need me tea.
Just the tea. Just the tea.
Hey, Lucy.
Mm-hmm.
What's that stuff Aaron's always drinking?
Herbal tea, his own recipe.
He says it helps him be creative.
That must work.
He's brilliant.
You think that stuff would help me?
I'm not doing so hard.
I think you're doing just fine, Jakey.
Here's the recipe, but I doubt you'll find the ingredients.
Aaron has his own stash, and I don't think he'll share.
Jake!
Oh, Jake!
Thanks, Lucy.
Good luck.
Take me there.
I feel inspired.
Let's practice the jig.
Sure.
Look at this place.
Over a hundred years old, nearly as old as I am.
Shut your eyes.
Feel the magic of the stage.
The power of the fader.
Let it transport you into another realm
and make you into a magician.
Take a good long drink, sugar.
So you stay pretty and fresh.
Hello?
Anybody here?
Whoa.
You're looking at me like I was a sight,
but heed me words.
You're the one who has the glamour.
I'm sorry.
It's just that...
what do you mean I have the glamour?
Nothing at all.
Just a feeling.
Sean O'Shaen is the name.
Remember it.
You might be needing me.
What is it I can do for you?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
I'm looking for some special herbs to make tea.
Do you carry these?
You've come to the right place.
May herb garden is one of the bluebells.
Fox gloves and ragweed.
How dare you bring this here?
It's just...
You're not to be getting such herbs here.
A pox upon you for asking.
It's just for tea.
I know what it's for.
Off with you, off.
Hey, leprechaun.
The goblin can come back any minute.
Are you sure?
Yes. Hurry.
You'll never be a boy again.
I don't care.
Then dance with me.
And speak as I speak.
The fairy ring, the dancing thing.
The mortal gloom, a dying thing.
The fairy ring is dancing thing.
Now turn me into spirit bright.
And leave behind the human.
Bright.
Turn me now into a spirit bright.
And leave behind the human plate.
What?
What's happening?
Keep going on.
Don't stop now.
You've run to something.
No, stop. Stop it.
All right, all right.
That's all everybody.
Good day, good day.
Jake, be light.
You've got to let yourself go.
What's happening to you now?
Where's the stuff of genius?
Trust me.
But my voice changed.
I changed.
It was scary.
It was wonderful.
I don't like it.
Jake, you've got to understand.
Well, you're making magic up here.
It's like, it's like you've got the glamour.
The glamour?
You have the gift, boy.
Use it.
Mr. Shaney.
It's me.
Go away, you're not welcome here.
Please, I need to know about those herbs.
I am sure you do.
But I can see through you like hard crystal.
Leave me alone.
Please, listen to me.
You're taking me for a fool.
And Sean O. Shaney is anything but a fool.
Good day.
But something weird is happening to me.
You saw it.
It's like, I'm changing.
What is this place?
I've let you in to say your piece.
So get on with it.
Okay.
I'm in this play.
It's about a leprechaun who saves me from a goblin
by turning me into a leprechaun, too.
Go on.
But it's like the more we rehearse,
the stranger I feel.
Last time my voice even changed.
It was scary.
Aaron said that...
Aaron?
He's a leprechaun.
He told me it was because I had the glamour.
That's what you called it, too.
This sounds dumb.
Maybe I'm just nervous about the play.
You really don't know about these herbs, do you?
Just that Aaron uses them to make tea.
Oh, he does. Does he?
Herbs can be very powerful if used by those who know how.
And if you know how to get them.
How'd you get those?
A trade with a springing.
Yours be mine and mine be yours.
What's all I took?
Cost me my favorite toothpick.
Yours be mine and mine be yours?
Sounds like a line from our play.
When did you say this play of yours is?
We open tomorrow night.
Last rehearsal's tomorrow at noon.
Why, you want to come?
I wouldn't miss it for all the suds in Dublin.
Then dance with me.
As I speak, fairy ring the dance and sing
The mortal groom a dying theme.
Sins and stars.
The fairy rings dance and sing
The mortal groom a dying theme.
Turn me now into spirit bright
And leave behind a human plight.
Lucy! Lucy! Who's been mucking with these ropes?
I want everybody, all the actors to the green room.
I ain't got to the muck.
Slotty.
Sean, what are you doing here?
Saving your life if you don't mind.
What?
I'm the one who released the rope.
Are you crazy? You nearly killed me.
Now, John, danger it is true, but it's not from me.
Take it easy.
Take a deep breath and look at yourself.
Afraid of the dark? Stay in the glow of the couch and stay tuned.
Now, Welcome Freshman has more true love.
Grant's so great, so mature.
Best of all, I'm dating a junior.
Nickelodeon's Welcome Freshman, where there's always more to the story.
Look at him, daydreaming about us.
That crack in the ceiling kinda looks like Mr. Littman.
Welcome Freshman, Welcome's juniors, Welcome's romance.
Welcome Freshman is high school, Saturday at 5-4 Central on Nickelodeon.
If I had my way, I'd play it a band.
No, a real band.
Or to get a kid to mail the way I like it, with no pickles.
Sure, maybe I'll play the drums.
Maybe I'll play the drums.
Burger King is celebrating a new land, Mickey's Toontown at Disneyland,
with Mickey and his friends in fun wind-up toys.
Each with a Mickey's Toontown pop-up and adventure setting.
You get one toy with every Burger King kids' meal.
You can collect all four and create Mickey's Toontown at home.
You like secret beauties, everyone's a beauty.
And they share beauty secrets with me.
Lipstick secret beauty.
Her beauty secret's pretty lipstick, pink goes with everything.
Poppers sparkly crown.
Secret beauties, everyone's a beauty.
Her fume secret beauty.
Her secret's real perfume.
Hmm, roses.
Mine's strawberry.
Secret beauties, everyone's a beauty.
Lipstick secret beauties and perfume secret beauties are each sold separately.
Having fun fishing? You bet.
Hey guys, breakfast!
Let's go grandpa.
You got it.
Come on, this is some funny.
I want my calyx corn pops.
Oh, like sweet popcorn.
Everyone's eating pops except me.
Calyx corn pops is part of this complete breakfast.
I gotta have my pops.
With Nintendo game ID stickers, there's no doubt whose game it is.
You'll find three stickers free in marked boxes of Calyx corn pops.
It's mine, it's mine.
Lions and tigers and kids?
Watch Nickelodeon's Wild Side Show put kids and animals face to face
every Sunday at 5, 4 central on Mick.
Oh my.
Now the sneaking begins again with Are You Afraid of the Dark?
His ears got pointy?
Weird.
Very weird.
Yeah.
And his pop-up used to say,
this is where the plot thickens.
I felt it the first time I saw ya.
It's the glamour.
Every time you take the oath, you're a step closer to becoming a changelin.
A changelin?
But it's a play, it's not real.
It's as real as those pointy ears.
And tonight you'll take the oath for the final time.
This can't be happening.
Aaron wouldn't do this to me.
He would if he is who I think he is.
Where does this Aaron dwell?
His room's downstairs, but no one ever goes there.
He always naps before performances.
Ah, what better time to pay him a visit?
Since later, Gnostic, I suspect it.
Leave it be.
You'll know we've been here.
Aaron's got a pet toad.
That's no toad, lad.
It's a changelin.
We haven't much time.
Come on.
Robert, uh, time.
It must be here someplace.
Come back, Fox Glove.
Now slip.
Got it.
Ruin route.
Now we're in business.
Let's go.
A banshee.
The cruelest of all the pixies.
They drink the tea of bluebells,
fox gloves and ragweed.
That's why I thought you were the one who wanted the herbs.
Then what does you want with me?
Here's where it gets sticky.
They feed on human souls, the banshees do.
Every seven years, they need to devour another one,
leaving some poor creature in its place.
The toad.
The toad was a person.
A changelin.
That's the oath you've been taking during the play.
For real.
Lose this.
I'll call on the dad. We'll get the police.
Take it easy, Skipper.
The process has already started.
Look at your ears.
You can't survive as half a changelin.
What can I do?
You can beat him at his own game.
Bad for an opening act.
I thought you forgot.
Are you ready for the finale?
As ready as I'll ever be.
That's the spirit.
Let's get to work.
There are three rules to beat the banshee.
You must do them all or the game is lost.
You're with me?
No.
Rule number one, be fearless.
Swallow this.
Forget it.
We don't have time, Jake.
Fearless?
Oh.
Fearless.
Good. Now, where's the bottle bag?
Now add these.
Row and tree.
Red threed puts the witches
to their speed.
Ah.
Rule number two.
Give him a taste of his own medicine.
Don't you drink that yourself?
Don't worry.
Rule number three.
Don't take your eyes off him.
You must spellbind him.
Lock your eyes with his
and turn his own spell against him.
Understand?
Then let the angels be with you, lad.
The fairy ring does dance
and sing.
The motto bloom a dying thing.
Turn me now into spirit bright
and leave behind the human blight.
Turn me now into a spirit bright
Who have you been talking to, boy?
Oh.
I lost his games.
You're not afraid, are you?
No. No.
I'm fearless.
Do you guys see what I've seen?
What is it?
Did we miss this in rehearsal or something?
What is this?
You're all mine.
Help! Help somebody!
This is really happening!
You're main forevermore!
Hello, Gort.
Or is it Aaron now?
Sean O'Sheavy.
Where are you truly this time?
Gort,
still up to your Sam all tricks.
Because all tricks
still work on me.
So you thought the little leprechaun would help you?
Leave me alone.
Seven years have waited
and now you're main.
No!
You're main!
Right, Gort.
He is yours
and this
is mine.
Me too.
Indeed.
But now it's mine.
I've kept it all these years.
Can I make a little trade?
Yes.
Yours be mine
and mine be yours.
Distant friend.
Distant place.
Return, return
to the human race.
What happened?
You're free lad.
You beat the banshee.
Are you really a leprechaun?
When the need arises.
All the wisp was never performed again
and Aaron had disappeared forever.
The end.
And that one, Papa,
was for you.